# ðŸ”­ï¸ Discover Gemini content!

There are several places to go when looking for new content on Gemini.


## ðŸ“£ï¸ Aggregators

You can think of them as lists of new posts or updated Gemini capsules. There are a few of them, and they each have a slightly different approach. For example CAPCOM picks 100 capsules at random each month and surfaces their content. Spacewalk on the other hand ranks capsules by date of last update.

=> gemini://gemini.circumlunar.space/capcom/ CAPCOM
=> gemini://rawtext.club/~sloum/spacewalk.gmi Spacewalk
=> gemini://calcuode.com/gmisub-aggregate.gmi gmisub


## ðŸ”–ï¸ Directories

Unlike aggregators which detect and surface new posts automatically, directories are hand crafted and categorized lists of Gemini capsules.

=> gemini://medusae.space/index.gmi Medusae.space
=> gemini://discovery.geminiprotocol.com/ Gemini Discovery


## ðŸ—žï¸ Zines

Zines are small magazines, usually consisting of a couple of articles, news, columns, links to interesting capsules, etc. This format is not unique to Gemini, but does benefit from Gemini's text oriented nature.

=> gemini://gemini.cyberbot.space/smolzine/ SmolZINE
=> gemini://bulletpr00f.host/smog/ Smog


## ðŸŽ™ï¸Podcasts

Gemini can serve not only text, but all kinds of files. There are a couple of podcasts, sometimes called gemcasts, out there. You can listen to them by downloading the specific episode audio files and opening them in your local audio player.

=> gemini://gem.chriswere.uk/trendytalk/ Trendy Talk
=> gemini://kwiecien.us/gemcast/ Gemini Radio


## ðŸ‘¥ï¸ Multi-user sites

While there are many Gemini capsules that host content from individual authors, there are some with multiple users. They usually form a community of writers with shared interests or worldview. If you are looking for a way to publish content on Gemini this might be a good place to start.

=> gemini://midnight.pub/ The MidnightPub
=> gemini://gemlog.blue/ Gemlog Blue
=> gemini://cosmic.voyage/ Cosmic Voyage
=> gemini://rawtext.club/ rawtext.club
=> gemini://tilde.team/ tilde.team


---

=> ./index.gmi Go back to index

